I worked on Monte Carlo Event Generators at my bachelor thesis, which are simulation tools for experimental particle physics. After graduation I worked as a software engineer and then I started to work at CERN at CMS experiment for a 3 months project. Because of these experiences of mine, I think I will be a great fit for the Experimental Particle Physics specialization. I applied for this specialization because I want to continue working on both Monte Carlo tuning and data analysis at CERN. Bergische Universität Wuppertal is part of ATLAS collaboration so I can do data analysis on ATLAS data and I can work on Monte Carlo tuning. On top of it I can improve my software, numerical analysis, high-performance computing skills.


I worked on tuning PYTHIA8 at my bachelor thesis, which is a simulation tool for experimental particle physics. Now I am working at CMS experiment at CERN doing CMS data analysis, Monte Carlo tuning and testing front-end electronics of HCAL. I applied for this specialization because I want to continue working on both Monte Carlo tuning and do data analysis on ATLAS data with the experimental elementary particle physics group at Bergische Universität Wuppertal.

I worked on tuning PYTHIA8 at my bachelor thesis, which is a simulation tool for experimental particle physics. Now I am working at CMS experiment at CERN doing data analysis and Monte Carlo tuning. I applied for this specialization because I want to continue working on both Monte Carlo tuning and do data analysis on ATLAS data with the experimental elementary particle physics group at Bergische Universität Wuppertal.
